# to-do-
Two to-do list managers - one coded in bash, the other in Python using SQL

I chose two different assignments from two different classes to use in my portfolio as a single item. Both files allow a user to add, remove, and mark items complete from a ongoing to-do list. The bash implementation of the to-do list offers the user the ability to add descriptions, which can be viewed by selecting the corresponding item from the displayed list. The SQL implementation of this to-do list allows the user to see statistics on how long it took to complete the average item on their list. I thought these files represent strongly the (CS1)learning objective of demostrating proficency in developing software in more than one programming language and paradigm (CS 2), and I really enjoyed both of these assignments. 

I think that both earn a place in my portfolio, because the bash project allowed me to use IO in a way that was new to me at the time; to update and store values which are parsed to be displayed on the menu in real-time. I think that designing the menu interface with the user's experience in mind, in a new to me programming language made for a great assignment. I also think that solving the same problem, in two drastically different ways is what made these two files interesting to me, when I was considering what to add to my portfolio. I just had to add the SQL project in as well, because SQL is a highly popular technology and is used for many applications in general computing. I think that while bash is not often talked about, being able to pick up programming in bash is not something that everyone can do, and that technology was one I became particularly fond of in this class (251). This bash to-do list manager is likely the most extensive program I have coded in bash, and I think it demonstrates knowledge in a technology that most don't have much experience with. I think  the python file interfacing with a SQL database that was created by me demonstrates some skills that perhaps not every programmer is familiar with.  Because the to-do items are read in from a network hosted database, this python file also demonstrates ways that a program interacts with the network (CS 1).
